"The Lion King" has been one of my favorite Disney animated films, so I was nervous about seeing Jon Favreau's remake. Surprisingly, from beginning to end, I found myself consistently enjoying this remake more than the original, and I had no problem with it. This remake absorbed my attention with it's astounding, dazzling visuals, and this is the only Disney lifelike remake that has no humans, and animals are my passion. Jon Favreau and his crew pulled it off so well, and how on earth did they do it? Let me explain: When it comes to the craftsmanship, it is an incredible technical achievement; in beats, we all knew it has the same story, but as you are watching it, you are wondering how the filmmaking techniques will execute the same story differently, and I did not expect much at all. Jon Favreau displays his best direction here due to his effective and persistent timing and cadence. Not to mention that he has showcased the movie's heart that is in the perfect place, because of how well he handles the tone. The screenplay by Jeff Nathanson grabs my attention with the dynamic movements of the camera, and speaking of "camera," the gorgeous cinematography by Caleb Deschanel is always gripping with nicely illustrated imagery. "The Lion King" is not only a visually stunning marvel, but also a well-wrought spectacle, because of how vivid, elaborate, and how arresting it is. The filmmakers have reverence by embracing everything that made the original so special, and amplified this remake with realism, more details, skillful filmmaking on display, and depth to the themes and even to the characters. The conservative themes here feel more reactionary than the original; it is injected with military implications and some political dialogue. The effects team brought this movie to life with virtual reality tools teamed with "Unity" to create photorealistic backgrounds with tangible details, and they've made the animals incredibly realistic with animalistic precision. I was also very entertained by the fact that the filmmakers accepted the authentic animal behaviors with body language and no facial expressions, because most animals including big cast don't emote through facial expressions. This film would be an introduction of CGI for kids, but parents have to check in with them first. The filmmakers cut out the anteaters, and used aardvarks and other African animals that families have never knew before. The way Hans Zimmer remade the score is fantastic with more notes, different themes, and more instruments. The new song "Spirit" is a brilliant fit for the film. The entire star-studded cast is pitch-perfect for their characters with effective delivery. And I must add that with gestures and voice-acting, the interactions between these creature characters are palpable. JD McCrary (young) and Donald Glover (adult) are emotionally involving as Simba. Beyonce as Nala is incredibly fitting. Alfre Woodard has fierce authority for voicing Sarabi. John Oliver is so amusing as the energetic Zazu. Timon and Pumbaa here are a hilarious silly gay couple; Billy Eichner is snarky as Timon, and Seth Rogan uses his hysterical energy as Pumbaa. James Earl Jones returns as Mufasa; sounding wise, warm, and old yet capable of using authority. Chewitel Ejiofer is dramatically haunting as the sinister Scar. Scar is portrayed differently here as a brooding and manipulative dictator of wrath, greed, and lust. And lets not forget that the hyenas are dangerously realistic. Highly Recommended for the entire family (suitable for ages eight and up).
very bad movie, it was so bad that I could not watch anymore and i refused to finish it
No surprises this was awful. Jared Leto is terrible and Matt Smith was annoying. CGI was laughingly bad and the slow-mo action and wonky editing made things borderline unwatchable. Writing was all over the place too with some terrible dialogue. There's little fun and it took itself way too seriously. Honestly, this made Venom seem alright in comparison.
The pacing is tight and the action was awesome, the colors effects while in a fight was looking amazing, the story was decent as a origin, The 1st half was good although the final act the last 30mins were little meh, the villian's suddenly gone rogue was little odd felt like it just happened and the Nurse's stuff felt lost at the end with it the post credits just didn't make no sense considering the man morbious was. Overall 1st half was good and the ending felt little mess although its a part entertaining and a decent watch.
I collected comics, specifically Marvel/Spider-Man. Spidey was my favorite and this character, Morbius, was one of my favorite to battle Spider-Man. This aside, I won't bother presenting my detailed autopsy of this travesty. I will say that they strayed too far from the original story and made things convoluted. Why couldn't they just keep it simple. Instead they went off the rails with a ridiculous script. They took a rich and vibrant comic story and took a giant dump on it.